Clarify that role="button" does not inherit button functionality (#43186)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/reference/roles/button_role/index.md

sidebar: accessibilitysidebar
---

> The `button` role is for clickable elements that trigger a response when activated by the user. Adding `role="button"` tells the screen reader the element is a button, but does not inherit any button functionality — event listeners and keyboard handling must be added manually. Use {{HTMLElement("button")}} or {{HTMLElement("input")}} with `type="button"` instead.

Reviewer: Thanks @abelmark . The term inherit is not incorrect here, but it does add semantics we don't need. That said, I agree that spelling out the functionality that is missing is better. So how about this (and if you agree copy below as well).

```suggestion
The `button` role is for clickable elements that trigger a response when activated by the user. Adding `role="button"` tells the screen reader the element is a button, but does not provide other typical button functionality such as click events and keyboard handling. You can add these yourself, but you should generally use {{HTMLElement("button")}} or {{HTMLElement("input")}} with `type="button"` instead.
```

Author: That sounds great @hamishwillee!  I will update.

Author: Done!
